update name has a special semantics comment (#285)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/api-tracing.md

Updates the `Span` name. Upon this update, any sampling behavior based on `Span`
name will depend on the implementation.

> It is highly discouraged to update the name of a `Span` after it's creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly discouraged to update the name of a `Span` after its creation.
```

Reviewer: Or "it's created".

`Span` name is often used to group, filter and identify the logical groups of
spans. And often, filtering logic will be implemented before the `Span` creation

> for the performance reasons. Thus the name update may interfere with this logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for performance reasons. Thus the name update may interfere with this logic.
```

The method name is called `UpdateName` to differentiate this method from the

> regular property setter. Emphasizing the fact that this operation signifies a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
regular property setter. It emphasizes that this operation signifies a
```

Or another change so this isn't a fragment.

> major change for a `Span` and may lead to re-calculation of a sampling or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
major change for a `Span` and may lead to re-calculation of sampling or
```

filtering decisions made previously depending on the implementation.

Alternatives for the name update may be late `Span` creation, when Span is

> Started with the explicit timestamp from the past at the moment where the final

Reviewer: ```suggestion
started with the explicit timestamp from the past at the moment where the final
```

> `Span` name is known. Or reporting a `Span` with the desired name as a child

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Span` name is known, or reporting a `Span` with the desired name as a child
```
